they're coming from every which way they
can any which way they can causes
they're on to a sure thing
Clinton flight or back in any which way
you can
faster funnier and spicier than ever
he's big they said he beat everybody in
the Marine Corps plea there's one tough
dude who would be trifle with most of
the time
and neither will Clark well now they're
up against it one more time they're
bashing varoom bully boys their mall and
malicious mobsters and they're battling
bizarre bikers and most of all facing
down the meanest Mangler the peroneus
brawler one Jack Wilson it's the most
knuckle-busting gut-wrenching
brain-scrambling but bruising lips split
and brawl of all it's a fight to
remember
Clint Eastwood turned you every which
way but loose before now you can bet
he'll do it again see him and the whole
game any which way you can any which way
you can